In this we learn about Structured output in langchain.
we want our LLM model to communicate effectively with other services like API's, DB's, etc.
just like they communicate with humans. So basically we're learning about how to process the output of LLM's.

In langchain, Structured output referes to practice of having model to return responses in well-defined data format (like .json, .xml) rather than free form text. This makes model's output easier to parse and work with other programs.

`with_structured_output` helps dealing with the output of LLM when response is generated in Structured format.
whereas output parsers helps dealing with the response of LLM which is unstructured.

in this we deal with with_structured_output function,
there are total 3 ways to use this function.
    using Typed Dict.
    using Pydantic
    and last json schema

Typed Dict. is a way to define dict. in Python where you specify which keys and values should exists. It helps ensure that your dictionary should follow a specific structure.
Remember: It does not validate data at runtime. meaning, if we define a variable of type string and store int or float values in it, the code will runs perfectly fine, no errors are generated.

typed_dict.py file contains the code which demonstate the same.
The code didn't worked because most of the models which work like this are either paid or work on subscription.

Another technique is using Pydantic, it is data validation and data parsing lib. for python which ensures that data you passed is correct, structured, and type-safe.
before using it, make sure pydantic is installed if not install it via `pip install pydantic`.
using_pydantic.py contains the code for the same.

last is json_schema technique. the output of this is python dict.

Few things to remember:
    with_structured_output() function has a parameter named as method
        which holds 2 values, json_mode when output required is in json format.
        function calling is used when you've to perform specfic task.

OpenAI recommends to use function calling, whereas other model like Claude, Gemini suggests json_mode.
some models which supports none of the above technique.
