Concept of retrievers:
A retriever is a component that fetches relevant document from data source in response to user's query.
all retriever in langchain are runnable.
So basically it's like a search engine, that returns the relevant results.

Types of retrievers:
    Data source retriever
        Wikipedia retriever
        Vector store based retriever
        Arxiv retriever
    
    Based on search category
        MMR
        Multi Query retriever
        Contextual compression retriever

First we learn about Data source retriever
Wikipedia retriever: queries Wikipedia API to fetch relevant content for a given query.
wiki_retrieve.py contains the code segment that demonstrate the same.

Vector store retriever fetches document from a vector store based on semantic similarity using vector embeddings.
vec_store_retrieve.py contains code segment for the same.

Question: vector_store.similarity_search(query=query, k=1) does the same things as vector_store.as_retiever(search_kwargs={"k": 1}), then what is the need of 2 functions for same task.

Answer: vector_store.similarity_search() fxn do not allows to use different search strategy whereas vector_store.as_retiever() fxn allows that.

why MMR retriever?
in regular similarity search, retrievers fetches the documents all very similar to each other and sometimes repeating the same information.
MMR retriever avoids that:
    picking the most relevant document first, then picking the next most relevant and least similar and repeat the same process.

MultiQuery retriever, sometimes a single query might not capture all the ways information in phrased in your documents.
what this does?
    takes your query
    uses LLM to generate multiple sentimental different version of that query.
    performs retrieval for each sub-query.
    combines and reduplicates the result.

ContextualCompression retrieval, advance retriever that improves retrieval quality by compressing documents after retrieval keeping only the relevant content based on the user's query.
How it works?
    base retriever, which retriever top_K documents.
    a compressor (LLM) is applied to each document. it keeps only the part relevant to the query.
    irrelevant content is discarded.